what's up gamers old school full and it
seems like I have a lot of stuff on my
hands actually Tosh abused office is
getting kind of overwhelming because we
got lots of review and way too much
stuff and nowhere to put it so this
review is going to be for new mega and
minigame katic scuzz as you can see here
I don't know about you but I'm kind of
overwhelmed by it I really don't have
anywhere to put this up but thanks to
mega at minigame khattak snow I do so
let's take a look at the miggot ink as
well what is it well it's a space-age
polymer yes that's the other word for
plastic spacers polymer that's actually
really strong and just really kind of
takes care of that spring cleaning I
mean it's over summer time and now we
really have to like you know kind of
clean things up a little bit so but we
have room for more games so as you can
see here the mega and many game caddies
are on all in one storage solution now a
really cool thing about the mega and
mini game caddies is that they literally
hold everything including me so don't
worry about the strength of these things
these things are pretty diesel for a
little small storage device I mean I was
actually pretty surprised that it's
holding all this plus me so let's take a
look many mini game caddies well the
mega became caddy anyway can soar
several systems games accessories you
name it it can store it now the mini
good caddy is pretty much like its big
brother but the only difference is that
it just holds a little less so yeah
maybe just this much anyways gamers the
mega minigame cat is a definitely really
cool storage solution that I suggest you
guys do because honestly like I'm
commonly disorganized guy and I kind of
need some organization in my life right
now so the mega and mini game caddies
definitely do it for me so whether
you're in an office space or you're in
a you know dorm room definitely the mega
minigame counties are the way to go so
for more information on the mega and
mini game caddies go to dodge jeep com
where you can actually get your own
Meghan minigame caddies and then it came
to review the products as well which is
really cool and of course don't forget
to go to docs reviews calm for all the
ladies and greatest in tech gaming and
new school solutions alright gamers Gulf
kids also follow us on twitter com at
twitter com /oz reviews and don't forget
to Like us yes if you like cool stuff
like this and I hope you do because I
really do don't forget to like us on
facebook com forward slash docs reviews
alright gamers well I'm going to get
back to organizing stuff because it's
getting a little hectic around this
point so our a game is thanks for
watching I'll talk to you guys when I
get out of this
you